STRF-12301: Update Customer JWT payload reference (#806)
bigcommerce/docs: docs/start/authentication/customer-login.mdx

| `customer_id` | integer | The ID of the shopper who is signing in.|
| `redirect_to` | string | Optional field containing a relative path for the shopper's destination after sign-in. Defaults to `/account.php`. |
| `request_ip` | string | Optional field containing the expected IP address for the request. If provided, BigCommerce will check that it matches the browser trying to sign in.|

> | `enable_persistent_cart` | boolean | Optional field to specify whether or not to use persistent cart functionality on customer token login. This feature depends on you enabling the [Persistent Cart](https://support.bigcommerce.com/s/article/Persistent-Cart) setting on your store. The default value is `false`. If you are using the server-side GraphQL JWT login mutation, this value is ignored.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `enable_persistent_cart` | boolean | Optional field specifying whether or not to use persistent cart functionality on customer token login. This feature depends on enabling the [Persistent Cart](https://support.bigcommerce.com/s/article/Persistent-Cart) setting on your store. The default value is `false`. The system ignores this value if you use the server-side GraphQL JWT login mutation.  |
```

Author: Fixed!
